Initial helm chart (#9)
mKaloer/TFServingCache: deploy/helm/readme.md

# Helm chart authoring

## Debugging and testing

> First of all build docker image from sources 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, build the docker image from source with the repository root folder as the working directory
```

```bash

> $ docker build . -f deploy/docker/Dockerfile -t latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ docker build . -f deploy/docker/Dockerfile -t tfservingcache:latest
```
